Instructions for joining the WG (#13)
InnerSourceCommons/ispo-working-group: README.md

These two examples follow the same pattern - providing directly-usable materials that help ISPOs to advance their mission in their company.

## Joining the Working Group

To chat with everybody in the ISPO working group, please join us in the `#ispo-working-group` channel in [slack][].

> There is also have a 2-weekly meeting where we discuss work in progress and new challenges that we are working on. Find details in slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also have a meeting every other week where we discuss work in progress and new challenges that we are working on. Find details in slack.
```

1. **Validated**.  More than one company is using the solution.

We have a regular meeting where we will list new challenges, discuss proposed solutions, and demo finished solutions.
It is expected that the implementation of many solutions may be contributions to other working groups in the InnerSource Commons (e.g. [Patterns][], [Learning Path][]).

## Recording

Check out this presentation explaining the motivation, tasks, and goals of this working group.

[<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9609562/211604583-ee41a7b4-cb56-4f72-9256-bfa2a560258b.png" width="50%" />](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8Ce7GlwBeA)

> ## Refernnces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## References
```

> * [Working Group Charter](https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/foundation-governance/edit/master/ispo-working-group-charter.md)

Reviewer: Is this needed anymore?  Most of the material is duplicated here.

Author: Probably not. I just added it because I was looking for it and didn't have the link handy.

We could leave the reference here as a reminder that we have to clean up this duplication eventually?

Reviewer: Sure

## Contact

Find us in the `#ispo-working-group` channel in [slack][].

[slack]: https://innersourcecommons.org/slack
[Kanban board]: https://github.com/orgs/InnerSourceCommons/projects/4/views/1
[Patterns]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns
[Learning Path]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath

> [join working group]: https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/ispo-working-group/issues/new?assignees=rrrutledge%2Cspier&labels=join-wg&template=join-wg.yml&title=%5Bjoin%5D+%3Cyour-name%3E

Reviewer: This is cool.  I didn't know you could do that.  Neat!
